d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.exe
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.deps.json
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.pdb
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Main.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\refint\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.pdb
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\ref\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.People.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Shows.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.WorkerEdit.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.WorkerView.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.ShowView.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\ПГУ\2 курс\Курсовая. ООП. С#\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.ShowEdit.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.exe
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.deps.json
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\bin\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.pdb
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Halls.LargeHall.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Halls.SmallHall.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Main.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.People.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.ShowEdit.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Shows.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.ShowView.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.WorkerEdit.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.WorkerView.resources
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\refint\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.pdb
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\ref\TheTheatre.dll
d:\Users\admin\Desktop\theTheatre\TheTheatre\obj\Debug\net6.0-windows\TheTheatre.Properties.Resources.resources
